## The Ordinary 
Gerg is 12 years old. The United States were he lives is 204 years old. From these pieces of information and some basic knowledge of US history (ie that it was founded in 1776) you the reader can probably do a quick calculation in your head to arrive at the fact that the year is 1980 and Gerg was born in 1968. However if you could not do this calculation in your head, but instead counted on your fingers, scratched on some paper, or flubbed the calculation entirely, take heart you are very much like Gerg.  
Gerg's math scores are pretty poor. He is nervous approaching a test, and has trouble concentrating once that anxiety has crept in. Gerg does in fact like math, at least the concepts.  He like many children love the concept of infinity as the ultimate secret weapon, or imaging limitless space inspired by Carl Sagan's Cosmos, which he watches every Sunday night on PBS.  He also loves playing with Ti 35 calculator and following along in the Math on keys book witch accompanied it. However most times just spells out the few words one can on a calculator line 58008. And he also is keenly interested in the workings of all the other electronic games that have become so popular.  And all this is math, from the high score he aims for, the game mechanics, to the graphics which decorate the video screens.  But it is not the math that is on the test or in the homework he does poorly or not at all. 
So here we find Gerg walking home with another disappointing report card, worried that this poor performance will affect the chances of getting the thing he desires the most.  The Vic 20 computer.

